2xx-successful
this class indicates that the client's request was successfully received
understood and accepted.
200 OK
request has successeded. Infor returned with the response is dependent on the
methd used in the request. e,g
GET -entity corresponding to the requested resource is sent in the response.
HEAD - the entity header fields corresponding to the requested resource are 
sent in the response without any message body.
POST - an entity describing /containing the result of the action.
TRACE - entity containg the request message as received by the end server.

201 Created
request fulfilled and resulted to a new resource being created.this new re
source can be referenced by the URI returned in the entity of the respnse.
The orgin server must create the resource b4 returning the 201. if the action
cannot be carried out immediately, server should respond with 202)accepted.

202 Accepted
the  request has been accpeted for processing but processing has not been completed

203 Nont-Authoritative information
the returned meta-infor in the entity-header is not the definitive set as availble 
from the origin server, but gathered from a local or 3rd party copy.
 The set presented MAY be a subset or superset of the original version
Use of this response code is not required and is only appropriate when the response
would otherwisr br 200.

204- No content
e server has fulfilled the request but does not need to return an entity-body,
and might want to return the updated met-infor
repsonse is intended to allow input for actions to take place without causing 
a change to the user agent'd active doc view.

205- Reset Content
The server has fulfilled the request and the user agent SHOULD reset the doc which
caused the request to be sent. 	Response allows input for actions via user input
, followed by a clearing of the form in which the input is given so that the user can
easily initiate another input action. The response MUST NOT include an entity.

206- Partial content
server has fulfilled partial GET request for the resource.
The request MUST have included a Range header field indicating the desired range 
response must include the following header fields:
 Either a Content-Range header field (section 14.16) indicating
the range included with this response, or a multipart/byteranges
Content-Type including Content-Range fields for each part. If a
Content-Length header field is present in the response, its
value MUST match the actual number of OCTETs transmitted in the
message-body.
	date
	Content-location -if the header would have been sent
        in a 200 response to the same request

- Expires, Cache-Control, and/or Vary, if the field-value might
        differ from that sent in any previous response for the same
        variant
