Redirection 3xx
this class indicates that further action needs to be taken by the user agent 
inorder to fulfill the request.The action required MAY be carried out by the 
user agent without interaction with the user if and only if the method used 
in the second request is GET or HEAD.
client should detect infinte redietion loops since such loops generate network
traffic
 Note: previous versions of this specification recommended a
      maximum of five redirections. Content developers should be aware
      that there might be clients that implement such a fixed
      limitation.

300 Multiple Choices
indicates that the requested resource has multiple potential representation.
the server has several versions of the content you requested, and can't decide 
which one is best for you.
it is uncommon.
301-Moved permanently
resource has been moved to a new location and assignedan new perment uri
The new permanent URI SHOULD be given by the Location field in the response.

302 -found -it signifies a temporary redirection to a diff location.
requested resource resided temp under a diff URI.
If the 302 status code is received in response to a request other than GET or HEAD
the user agent MUST NOT automatically redirect the request unless 
it can be confirmed by the user, since this might change the conditions under which the request was issued.

      Note: RFC 1945 and RFC 2068 specify that the client is not allowed
      to change the method on the redirected request.  However, most
      existing user agent implementations treat 302 as if it were a 303
      response, performing a GET on the Location field-value regardless
      of the original request method. The status codes 303 and 307 have
      been added for servers that wish to make unambiguously clear which
      kind of reaction is expected of the client.
303 - see other 
instructs the client to use diff http method (like GET instead of POST) t
o access the resource at another location.

304- Not modified
indicates that the requested resource has not been modified since the last time
it was requested by the client
its a perfomance optimization technique. Server tells the client to use the cached
version of the resource instead of downloading it again.
This is commonly used when web pages or files haven't changed, and the client (browser)
 has a mechanism to check for modifications (using headers like Last-Modified or ETag).
305 - Use proxy
instructs the client to access the requested resource through a proxy server
a proxy server acts as an intermediary b2n the client and actual server that holds the
resource.It can provide benefits like security, caching and access control.
this codes includes the address of the proxy server in the response header.

306- unused(switch proxy)
rarely used, was intended to be similar with 305 but specifically for switching to a diff
proxy server during a session.
modern web comm prctices dont rely on 306
307- Temporary redirect
signifies that the requested resource has been temporarily moved to a new location.
is similar to 302 Found, but it specifies that the client should continue using the original
request method like GET OR POST when following the redirection
This is useful for situations where the resource might be available at the original 
location again in the future.
In essence, these codes along with 300 (Multiple Choices) all deal with redirection 
or providing information about how to access a resource:

300: Multiple options exist, server can't decide.
301: Resource permanently moved, go to new location.
302: Resource temporarily moved, go to new location (use same method).
303: Access resource at another location using a different method.
304: Resource hasn't changed, use cached version.
305: Use a proxy server to access the resource.
306 (deprecated): Switch to a different proxy server.
307: Resource temporarily moved, go to new location (use same method).
